# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   semantic-router
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via streamlit
cohere==5.15.0
    # via semantic-router
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via pdfminer-six
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docx2txt==0.9
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via cohere
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.24
    # via
    #   playground (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
    #   open-text-embeddings
langchain-community==0.3.23
    # via
    #   playground (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.56
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
langchain-huggingface==0.1.2
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
langchain-ollama==0.3.2
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.39
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.37.1
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
ollama==0.4.8
    # via langchain-ollama
open-text-embeddings==1.0.4
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
openai==1.76.2
    # via
    #   playground (pyproject.toml)
    #   semantic-router
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via streamlit
pdfminer-six==20250327
    # via pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.6
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
prompt-template==1.2.0
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   playground (pyproject.toml)
    #   cohere
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   playground (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via pdfplumber
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   semantic-router
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.9
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-chunkers==0.0.10
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
semantic-router==0.0.68
    # via semantic-chunkers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via
    #   playground (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-huggingface
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.45.0
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   semantic-chunkers
    #   semantic-router
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.7.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via playground (pyproject.toml)
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
